Merge changes from identifiers extension, add wholesaleBuyer code (#2)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_1_2_draft_extension: README.md

Adds fields, definitions and codelists from the draft version of OCDS 1.2 for use in [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/en/).

> ## Usage
> 
> This extension is included in OCDS 1.2. It should therefore be used with OCDS 1.1 only.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Only use this extension with the OCDS for eForms profile.**

```
